feat: Update README.md (#17)
canonical/canonicalwebteam.directory-parser: README.md

## Install
Install the project with pip: `pip install canonicalwebteam.directory-parser`

## Using the directory parser

### Sitemap templates
Include sitemap templates in your Flask app. Copy the following codeblock to where your application is instantiated e.g `app.py`.

```
from pathlib import Path
import canonicalwebteam.directory_parser as directory_parser

directory_parser_templates = (
    Path(directory_parser.__file__).parent / "templates"
)

> loader = ChoiceLoader(

Reviewer: where does the `ChoiceLoader` come from?

Author: They are both imported from jinja. Initially I thought all of our flask apps already have `ChoiceLoader` but I have updated the docs to import the loaders as needed

    [
        ...,

>         FileSystemLoader(str(directory_parser_templates)),

Reviewer: same, where does the `FileSystemLoader` come from?

    ]
)
```

### Generate sitemaps
The `generate_sitemap` function will generate a sitemap given directory path and base url using the sitemap templates.

```
# Dynamic sitemaps that do not need to be included in the sitemap tree

> # Differs from projects. Can be checked on /sitemap.xml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# differ from project to project. Can be checked on /sitemap.xml
```

DYNAMIC_SITEMAPS = [
    "tutorials",
    "engage",
    "ceph/docs",
    "blog",
    "security/notices",
    "security/cves",
    "security/livepatch/docs",
    "robotics/docs",
]

directory_path = os.getcwd() + "/templates"

> base_url = "https://ubuntu.com"

Reviewer: Britney, where is the part that defines which base templates the project uses?

Author: Base templates are defined on the directory-parser [here](https://github.com/canonical/canonicalwebteam.directory-parser/blob/3b82053188e7ccf336c58ab08d3d17f798e719f1/canonicalwebteam/directory_parser/app.py#L7). If we'd like to introduce more base templates, I could create a separate task to include additional templates through passed parameters

Reviewer: that's depends on our other website projects.

Author: Once this rolls out, I will be testing it against more of our projects. We could either update the `BASE_TEMPLATES` along the way or update the check function to include additional templates from being parsed

## Install
Install the project with pip: `pip install canonicalwebteam.directory-parser`

## Using the directory parser

### Sitemap templates
Include sitemap templates in your Flask app. Copy the following codeblock to where your application is instantiated e.g `app.py`. The template loader should be placed right after the app is instantiated.

```
from jinja2 import ChoiceLoader, FileSystemLoader
from pathlib import Path
import canonicalwebteam.directory_parser as directory_parser

# Set up Flask application
app = FlaskBase(...)

# Include directory parser templates
directory_parser_templates = (
    Path(directory_parser.__file__).parent / "templates"
)

loader = ChoiceLoader(
    [
        FileSystemLoader(str(directory_parser_templates)),
    ]
)

app.jinja_loader = loader
```

### Generate sitemaps
The `generate_sitemap` function will generate a sitemap given directory path and base url using the sitemap templates.

```
# Dynamic sitemaps that do not need to be included in the sitemap tree

> # Differ from project to project. Can be checked on /sitemap.xml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# differ from project to project. Can be checked on /sitemap.xml
```

Reviewer: Does it automatically capitalize the first letter? Afaiu the second line is the continuation of the sentence from the first line, isn't it?

Author: Updated thanks for the catch, it's supposed to be the start of the next sentence
